The SipSrvLookup class uses a new algorithm for implementing the
"weight" function of DNS SRV records.

The official algorithm is specified in RFC 2782:

    The following algorithm SHOULD be used to order the SRV RRs of the
    same priority:

    To select a target to be contacted next, arrange all SRV RRs (that
    have not been ordered yet) in any order, except that all those with
    weight 0 are placed at the beginning of the list.

    Compute the sum of the weights of those RRs, and with each RR
    associate the running sum in the selected order. Then choose a uniform
    random number between 0 and the sum computed (inclusive), and select
    the RR whose running sum value is the first in the selected order
    which is greater than or equal to the random number selected. The
    target host specified in the selected SRV RR is the next one to be
    contacted by the client.  Remove this SRV RR from the set of the
    unordered SRV RRs and apply the described algorithm to the unordered
    SRV RRs to select the next target host.  Continue the ordering process
    until there are no unordered SRV RRs.

It turns out that exactly the same results can be gotten with a
simpler algorithm:

    For each server, calculate a "score" as follows:  If its weight is 0,
    its score is "infinity" (in practice, 100 suffices).  If its weight is
    non-zero, its score is calculated by choosing a random number between
    0 and 1, taking the negative of the logarithm of that number, and
    dividing the result by the weight.  (Thus, the score is always a
    positive number.)

    Then, sort the servers into order of increasing scores, so that the
    servers with the *smallest* scores are used first.

We implement this latter algorithm.

The math that shows that the new algorithm produces the same results
as the RFC 2782 algorithm is in LaTeX format in theory.tex and in
printable Postscript in theory.ps.

A program that executes the algorithm and tallies the results is
experiment.pl.  For various sets of weights, the results are in
experiment.out.

The process of computing the scores is reasonably fast on modern
processors because they have floating point units that calculate logs.
The program timing.c shows that each calculation takes about 220ns on
a 2400MHz x86.

If your processor does not have a floating point processor, the
scoring formula can be implemented in fixed-point arithmetic.  See the
code in timing_fixed.c for details.  The general idea is to calculate
logs base 2 rather than base e (which makes no difference, since logs
to one base are proportional to logs to another base), and do so in
scaled fixed-point arithmetic, rather than floating point arithmetic.
That is, to calculate int(256 * log2(rand()).  The code in
timing_fixed.c does this by shifting the random number up until a 1
bit is in the highest position, in order to determine the integer part
of the log, and then using a table lookup to determine the 8 bits of
the fractional part of the log.  This sequence takes about 80ns on the
same processor.
