

This file was generated using the following command.  If you are
already looking at this from a web browser, then please ignore this
message.

  cd doc;ant text-doc

----------------------------------------------------------

                                     TODOs

   Well defined TODOs are either managed in the issue tracker under [1]Roadmap
   or in the source code by leaving TODOs in comments. This page is meant the
   help track some ideas, encourage collaboratation in development projects
   with similiar agendas and spark some dialog on mailing list.

   All the changes that we introduce in sipXconfig code are the results of
   implementing user requirements. We do not change sipXconfig architecture
   without a user story to be implemented. Every change has a corresponding
   JIRA issue. The long term goal of the team is to make sipXconfig simpler,
   more testable and easier to extend. On this page we maintain a registry of
   ideas of how to get closer to this goal. We may choose to implement some of
   those opportunistically or, if we deem it important enough, we may dedicate
   a spring to implement some of them. Placing items on this list does not
   however constitute any type of commitment on sipXconfig team.

Remove or reduce JDOM dependency

   We probably do not need to use JDOM: at least not as widely as we currently
   do.  In most case we use it to generate snippets of XML.That should be
   replaced with a template generator (Velocity or similar). In other cases,
   where we parse XML using JDOM, we can probably replace it with XLT.

Normalize database

   We currently keep in our database information that can be easily recreated.
   As a result when device or user data changes we have to regenerate (fix) the
   database contents. It looks like it was done to improve the performance of
   publishing process (which seems strange - performance of UI seems to be more
   important). We may be better off generating this kind of data on demand
   (instead of keeping in database). However we need to have performance test
   before we try it to change it.

References

   1. http://track.sipfoundry.org/secure/BrowseProject.jspa?id=10002&report=roadmap
