THIS IS AN EARLY RELEASE. 

Welcome to sipxbridge -- the little bridge that could.

This is an ITSP (trunking) gateway. It aims to provide media and
signaling gatewaying between SIP endpoints inside a firewall /NAT and 
an external ITSP gateway. Until this software is completely integrated
with sipxconfig, please configure it manually.


Prerequisites
----------------

copy sipxbridge.xml.example to /etc/sipxpbx/sipxbridge.xml

Look at the documentation in schema/sipxbridge.xsd 
and edit /etc/sipxpbx/sipxbridge.xml
Set up your account information there.

copy config.properties.test to config.properties 
( this file will be generated from config.properties.in when sipxbridge becomes part of the top level build )



Start sipx and configure sipx to use sipxbridge
----------------------------------------------

- Set  up sipxbridge as an umanaged SBC and give sipx the 
localIpAddress and port where it an expect to talk to sipxbridge
 (see properties above) 

- Set up a Trunk Gateway to use the unmanaged SBC. You should set up
the Route field in the Trunk Gateway configuration page to point to the
host:port ( i.e. local address ) of where sipxbridge runs.

Note: If you are running 3.10 stable, you can do the following:
	- edit /etc/sipxpbx/fallbackrules.xml.in
	- Add a port following the sipxbridge address for the local side of sipxbridge.
	- Save a backup copy of this file.
	- Use sipxproc to restart the SIPRegistrar and SIPXProxy server to make the changes known to sipx.

- Configure a user accounts and phones as usual. 
For direct inbound dialing, you want to set up an alias corresponding to
the telephone number. 

- Set up a long distance dial plan with prefix 9 telephone numbers directed
towards the configured Trunk Gateway.

4. This project is still being integrated with sipxconfig. 
   Until that process is complete, start sipxbridge using the following command:

	"sudo ant -Dtop.build.dir=./ -Dsrc.dir=./ -Dbuild.dir=./ sipxbridge"
 
  If you want to redfine where your configuration file and log files go:

	"sudo ant -Dtop.build.dir=./ -Dsrc.dir=./ -Dbuild.dir=./ -Dconf.dir=your-confdir -Dlog.dir=your-log-dir sipxbridge"

  Note that the configuration file name is always sipxbridge.xml and note that the log file name is always sipxbridge.log. 
  Only the directories where they go is configurable.
	
   NOTE : It may be convenient to set up a shell alias for the command above.

5. Start your IP phone and register it with sipx (or if it is already up and running, do nothing ). 

6.  On your pstn phone, dial your ITSP provided  number for inbound (to sipx) calls. Dial 91your-phone-number for outbound calls.

7. Try a few call transfers etc.


Warnings and disclaimers
------------------------

THIS IS AN EARLY PROTOTYPE. Expect bugs.

It has only been minimally tested for single call flows.

I need to test for load, concurrency, memory leaks, handling of error
conditions, network load conditions, timeouts, race conditions etc.
In other words, the bulk of the work remains to be done.

Limitations
----------

- No media transcoding.
- No integration with sipxconfig.
- I have had trouble with restricted port NATS. Symmetric NATs
  have worked well so far.

