    "When you've just sent a SUBSCRIBE to every phone in the system, you
    need all the help you can get!"

Sipviewer is a program for displaying SIP message traces as "ladder
diagrams".  Most of its features are self-explanatory, but here are a
few notes for its more obscure aspects.

* Sipviewer's input is XML files in the "SIP trace" format.  They are
usually generated by syslog2siptrace from sipX log files.  SIP trace
files can be combined and filtered with siptrace-merge.

* When the mouse is over a message in the ladder diagram, the messages
are color-coded to show their relationship to the selected message:

        Red             the selected message

        Green           other messages in the same hop-by-hop transaction

        Blue            other messages in the same end-to-end transaction

        Yellow          other messages in the same dialog

        White           unrelated messages

Within the middle three categories (green, blue, and yellow), the
color is darker if the message appears to be in a "sibling fork" of
the selected message, and lighter if the message appears to be in the
same fork (because it has the same from-tag and to-tag).

Usually the colors make intuitive sense, but there is the anomalous
case that an INVITE and its 100 response appear to be in a different
fork than the 180 response, the 200 response, and the ACK because the
latter messages have a to-tag.

* If you click on a message, sipviewer pops up a window showing the
message.  The contents of the window can be selected by typing
control-A into the window.  The window must be closed via your window
manager.

* The initial order of the columns is determined by the order the
addresses appear in the input file.  But you can rearrange the
columns:  If you click in the header area between two columns,
sipviewer will swap the two columns.

* The popup windows showing the messages can be closed with ESC.

* The components of the sipviewer system are:

Component       Source                          Install

sipviewer       sipXtackLib/sipviewer           $BINDIR/siviewer

syslog2siptrace sipXtackLib/syslog2siptrace     $BINDIR/syslog2siptrace

siptrace-merge  sipXtackLib/syslog2siptrace/siptrace-merge
                                                $BINDIR/siptrace-merge
